HyunJin: There is a cat~
(A cute cat which will film a video with HyunJin!)
HyunJin: Ah, so cute...
HyunJin: I'm gonna raise a cat... four cats!
(LOOCΔT 1/3)
HyunJIn: Like LOOΠΔ 1/3!
HyunJin: So cute~ But he seems to want to get out from here~
HyunJin: Wait! Be careful~
(The girls are rooting for a cat, not HyunJin!)
(The cat is so popular!)
HaSeul: Oh my...
HeeJin: Ah... I really want to hug a cat~
ViVi: It's so cute...
ViVi: So it feels like tickling my heart~
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / HyunJin - Around You"
HyunJin: The cat was so warm...
HyunJin: I'm gonna raise a cat later!
HyunJin: Because the cat was so beautiful!
HyunJin: Also I want to raise a lion and a cheetah!
HyunJin: Oh... cat fur!
HyunJin: I need to consider it more carefully...